README.md, before:

# DCSG2900-ThreatTotal:

Threat total is a threat intelligence service which allows you to get a quick overlook over the safety of using a particular website, 
domain or application. 
We retrieve data from the NTNU soc database, as well as external sources such as: .... 

## Team members:

* Johannes Madsen Barstad
* Odin Korsfur Henriksen
* Jonas Kjærandsen
* Peder Andreas Stuen

## About:

The application is developed in react.js + tailwindcss for the frontend and golang with the gin web framework for the backend.
The backend is in the root directory of the project.
While the frontend is located in the "threat-total" folder.

## Data sources:
- Google Safebrowsing Api
- HybridAnalysis Falcon Sandbox Public Api
- Alienvault Open Threat Exchange Api
- VirustTotal Api


### Frontend structure:
Relevant files to look at lie in the src directory which is split into:
- The base directory containing the app files.
- The pages folder containing the different pages.
- The img folder containing images
- The components folder containing components used on the different pages.

### Backend structure:
- The main file is called main.go.
- Api functions are located in the "api" folder under the "api" package
- Utilitites such as structs and constants are located in the "utils" folder under the "utils" package


# Development:

## Frontend:

Go to the threat-total folder

To install the dependencies run:

`npm i`

To start the development server run:

`npm start`

To generate css while working run:

`npx tailwindcss -i ./src/input.css -o ./src/output.css --watch`

## Backend:

Open the main folder.

Install the dependencies with:

`go mod download`

Run the backend with:

`go run main.go`

For the backend to run you need to set the following environemnt variables:

"clientId": Set to the clientId of your feide application.

"clientSecret": Set to the clientSecret of your feide application.

"feideRedirectUrl": Set to your feide redirect url.

"APIKeyOTX": Set to your OTX api key.

"APIKeyHybridAnalysis": Set to your Hybrid Analysis api key.

"APIKeyVirusTotal": Set to your VirusTotal api key.

"APIKeyGoogle": Set to your Google api key.

"redisPassword": Set to your redis instance password

"redisUrl": Set to your redis instance url in the format "ip:port"


And have a redis instance up and running with the following config:

Password set to the password defined in your environment variable.
`CONFIG SET requirepass "your password here"`
If your redis instance is running on a different ip address you also need to set
protected mode to no.
Which can be done through the redis-cli with `CONFIG SET protected-mode no`

Commit message:

Readme update with .env file instructions for the frontend.

README.md, after:

# DCSG2900-ThreatTotal:

Threat total is a threat intelligence service which allows you to get a quick overlook over the safety of using a particular website, 
domain or application. 
We retrieve data from the NTNU soc database, as well as external sources such as: .... 

## Team members:

* Johannes Madsen Barstad
* Odin Korsfur Henriksen
* Jonas Kjærandsen
* Peder Andreas Stuen

## About:

The application is developed in react.js + tailwindcss for the frontend and golang with the gin web framework for the backend.
The backend is in the root directory of the project.
While the frontend is located in the "threat-total" folder.

## Data sources:
- Google Safebrowsing Api
- HybridAnalysis Falcon Sandbox Public Api
- Alienvault Open Threat Exchange Api
- VirustTotal Api


### Frontend structure:
Relevant files to look at lie in the src directory which is split into:
- The base directory containing the app files.
- The pages folder containing the different pages.
- The img folder containing images
- The components folder containing components used on the different pages.

### Backend structure:
- The main file is called main.go.
- Api functions are located in the "api" folder under the "api" package
- Utilitites such as structs and constants are located in the "utils" folder under the "utils" package


# Development:

## Frontend:

Go to the threat-total folder

To install the dependencies run:

`npm i`

To start the development server run:

`npm start`

To generate css while working run:

`npx tailwindcss -i ./src/input.css -o ./src/output.css --watch`

## Backend:

Open the main folder.

Install the dependencies with:

`go mod download`

Run the backend with:

`go run main.go`

For the backend to run you need to set the following environemnt variables:

"clientId": Set to the clientId of your feide application.

"clientSecret": Set to the clientSecret of your feide application.

"feideRedirectUrl": Set to your feide redirect url.

"APIKeyOTX": Set to your OTX api key.

"APIKeyHybridAnalysis": Set to your Hybrid Analysis api key.

"APIKeyVirusTotal": Set to your VirusTotal api key.

"APIKeyGoogle": Set to your Google api key.

"redisPassword": Set to your redis instance password

"redisUrl": Set to your redis instance url in the format "ip:port"

For the frontend you need to create a `.env` file under the `threat-total` folder. It should contain the following on seperate lines:

"REACT_APP_FEIDELOGINURL=": Set to the login url to feide, including a client_id, redirect_uri, response_type and a state.
For example: "https://auth.dataporten.no/oauth/authorization?client_id=YourIDHere&response_type=code&redirect_uri=YourRedirectHere&scope=openid&state=whatever"

"REACT_APP_BACKEND_URL=": Set to the port and ip of your backend. For example for localhost "https://127.0.0.1:8081"

And have a redis instance up and running with the following config:

Password set to the password defined in your environment variable.
`CONFIG SET requirepass "your password here"`
If your redis instance is running on a different ip address you also need to set
protected mode to no.
Which can be done through the redis-cli with `CONFIG SET protected-mode no`
